Clarify koji_build documentation (#739)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/downstream/koji_build.md

  instead of the real production builds
* **allowed_pr_authors** - a list of FAS accounts of PR authors whose merged pull requests will trigger koji builds
  (defaults to `['packit']`).
* **allowed_committers** - a list of FAS accounts of committers whose direct pushes to dist-git will trigger koji builds

>   (defaults to an empty list). You do not need to specify this parameter if you want to have builds from PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (defaults to an empty list). You do not need to configure this option if you want to have koji builds triggered only by merged pull requests.
```
